ML-*-composite (#296)
sehlen-bsi/botan-docs: docs/cryptodoc/src/05_09b_mlkem-composite.rst

   | ``mlkem_comp_parameters.h``                               | Part of the public API: Parameter type  |
   |                                                           | for ML-KEM-Composite                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------+
   | ``mlkem_comp.cpp``                                        | Implementation of Public and Private    |
   |                                                           | key objects and all cryptographic       |
   |                                                           | operations                              |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------+
   | ``mlkem_comp_parameters.cpp``                             | Implementation of the Parameter type    |
   |                                                           | for ML-KEM-Composite                    |
   +-----------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------+

Conformance to TR-02102
-----------------------

> For PQ/T hybrid solutions for ML-KEM [TR-02102-1]_ makes specific requirements as to how the component algorithms have to be combined. As one option, [TR-02102-1]_ refers to the key combiner construction given in [SP-800-227]_ of the form 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For PQ/T hybrid solutions for ML-KEM, [TR-02102-1]_ makes specific requirements as to how the component algorithms have to be combined. As one option, [TR-02102-1]_ refers to the key combiner construction given in [SP-800-227]_ of the form 
```

.. math::

  K \leftarrow  \mathrm{KeyCombine}( K_1, K_2, c_1, c_2, ek_1, ek_2, p )

where :math:`K_i` refers to the shared keys, :math:`c_i` to the ciphertexts, :math:`ek_i` to the encapsulation (i.e., public) keys and :math:`p = (p_1, p_2)` to 

> the parameters of component schemes 1 and 2, respectively. The construction [draft-ietf-lamps-pq-composite-kem]_, deviates from this form by omitting :math:`c_\textrm{mlkem}` and :math:`ek_\textrm{mlkem}`, where the subscript `mlkem` refers to the index of the ML-KEM component algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the parameters of component schemes 1 and 2, respectively. The construction [draft-ietf-lamps-pq-composite-kem]_ as implemented in Botan deviates from this form by omitting :math:`c_\textrm{mlkem}` and :math:`ek_\textrm{mlkem}`, where the subscript `mlkem` refers to the index of the ML-KEM component algorithm.
```

> In summary, the following deviations of ML-KEM-composite specification can be identified:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In summary, the following deviations of Botan's ML-KEM-composite implementation from the recommendations of TR-02102 can be identified:
```

- Dropping of the ML-KEM ciphertext as an input. This is justified in
  [draft-ietf-lamps-pq-composite-kem]_ with reference to [XWING]_.
- Dropping the ML-KEM public-key. 

> - As the function KeyCombine(), the construction in [draft-ietf-lamps-pq-composite-kem]_ uses SHA3-256. [TR-02102-1]_ approves the use of KMAC as the key combiner but not specifically SHA3-256; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [draft-ietf-lamps-pq-composite-kem]_ uses SHA3-256 for the function KeyCombine(). [TR-02102-1]_ approves the use of KMAC as the key combiner but not specifically SHA3-256.
```

In so far, [draft-ietf-lamps-pq-composite-kem]_ deviates from the requirements
for multi-algorithm KEM constructions in the current
version of [TR-02102-1]_.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
